welcome to my test also Artur Frost 101 Internet Altona Town Hall pull
who take my ship
I decided to take a test because I realized that
"All the tests I have found so far
a big lie actual content protected or old
Ignorance I do not know exactly
so the novel case with the account may be small early on
to let come here »said Wiechers the price is of course with the devices
attractively priced
However, I really thought I needed it
lacks the device on all the outer ones here, I do not have manuals
on it had changed Prague for the USA and Germany
Daniel Bahr clearly separated and those were for the calculator the Wars then too
beautiful
a hdmi connection or let alone one
Meniar's eu choices speak of no HDMI on big
In order to secure itself further, there is not the device though
a HDMI analog mini hdmi has
classic personal is a great pity it is not
really so bad because the Dinger costs three euros
is now because they have survived differently
then Comazo a little thing again was the device itself
if we do that with the equipment we have to explain better
in a group of four
we're doing the same middle point game of a thermal camera
Arrangements with trifles »only at the beginning of the 80s that always
still not so
more in the beginning, the device is not so tidy with me but it
is just a lot of verve and almost everything in the year
here in this corner of the room is also opening the gate at the same time
I've cleaned up a bit already
I mean
I have to say this directly is now a few days old
I bought everything locally and now we have it
to see in Stockholm
morals
and 2 it was curious so no custom that i had by default
second
what do I need in the weather why?
so I can say that on purpose because of this story with the
flash support
that was the host supporting flash completely
come to that later
at the beginning when you start the device
then comes from
DZ from Höchstadt or Besatzer gave her team the USA with AFP
the insight of the setup wizard
he crashed three times a year
they are not any further
then i dont even dry up and it just rebooted
after him, Saborio once worked that way
May is not too bad in the beginning I have two assists preliminary round there
less broken
is not the case
after you did that
I would advise you
No, I go out
I would first advice you before something on the
settings
then you go up
repair and format
his is wavering
and here
and need to calibrate the top games and the location
so calibrating is easy
a lot of people complain about it
that the device reacts badly the keyboard not only does not run
just to put it that way
after this calibration us history
is it good you do not react
April elected
I have to admit but it works and light and it is enough
I do not have to do that with Agassi anymore
after you did that
we came to a very important point
to have the question by the animals only the standard explicitly there
or he wants to have Google Market too
many buildings purify claim
great magazines manufacturer
he is with Google & Co
that the device does not have Google Market because of not just MTS connections
that is absolute
nonsensical
because the device has or can google the market without any problems
so that must start because he wants if he has the Google Market
then the device sits down once again speak if you completely before
Downloaded it is way
The Nobel brand gets its relatively easy to land here
on
the menu
and we give
on this standard Markfort degradation Series from Aerts lid
then you are allowed here
of course, that Apple
because i kissed a girl Sparflamme Wahlbrink sometimes worked well too
it is very nice and you can speak a lot here too
so to have the Lake Gerstner
you get here this actual and installed is complete
if it is not even in the top 50 it is mostly because it is an animal
would like to have
then you must look to be provided with these two functions
you have to have more orc
school
b has that
the plaintiff is the same as it goes on
I feel right again
everyone claims that no Flash Georg Hohmann
its standards installed so off
it stands strangely standard of a ten points because variant is installed
it just shows that it works without problems
Wengers Artur documentation has then turned up on course, of course worse
as I said, do everything before any Sander stuff downloaded
otherwise have another problem
all that first
Here you can choose and then on this Friday 4
whether he wants the Market 3 2 0 or two Putts Wipro Dollar without Market
only the mail speaks
in "App Stores" without YouTube
Personally, I've taken the second two because he's not quite like that
Performance test is like the other
the 3 although it's already extreme performance scanning hamlet are also permanent
flash content
The 3 per MOL is currently, for example, all the videos of the Texans
speak the TS were tested
Above all, you can watch a video about the ex
I need it that's why I received it exactly because it works better
Men clicked on
then you have to download and download the device
Keep the corresponding ones Carsten Lauer the Market
it even takes a while
Not even a minute
then we also add extras and wait for action again not a minute
then an info is there then very nice that you should bleed new
is not a problem we do it here too
and then the device is subsequently blown out with the standard
Market
want to have here
I've already done that so I always have to do it every hour so Roberg
Although show again or pointless
just as he is the standard market
known
how to bring airfares
the Jusos
the welcome
Contact Prof
Frings or landscape simple wiper wakes up
As expected, our business back in May is difficult one is never good
then want to come
also device itself
We begin to say uneasily that we first go to the problem that many
have criticized
Here we are just on the second part of this video
first then whoever feels the surface layers
the speeds which many have criticized
and still several other problems which definitely everything in my videos
refute
Of course, the device is now not comparable to a device what a thousand
Euro costs
that's even 450 for the price of even 200 euros or even use
quite a super alternative routes definitely handy on the lighter and
thinner
as for example device
As I said for the other things, the comparison simply on the second part
my test series
he is on
Schulz